Added Android 13 support (#2)
Diazole/dumper: README.md

## Usage:

* Enable USB debugging on the Android device and connect it to the PC
* [Start frida-server on the Android device](https://frida.re/docs/android/)
* Execute dump_keys.py on the PC
* Start streaming some DRM-protected content on the Android device e.g. [Bitmovin](https://bitmovin.com/demos/drm)

The script will hook every function in your widevine 'libwvhidl.so'/'libwvaidl.so' modules by default, effectively brute forcing the private key function name.
```
python3 dump_keys.py
```

You can pass the function name to hook using the `--function-name` argument. You can use [this post](https://forum.videohelp.com/threads/404219-How-To-Dump-L3-CDM-From-Android-Device-s-(ONLY-Talk-About-Dumping-L3-CDMS)/page6#post2646150) to retrive it by yourself.
```
python3 dump_keys.py --function-name 'polorucp'
```

The script defaults to `args[4]` if no `--cdm-version` is provided. This will only have an effect if your version is `16.1.0` or `17.0.0`.

```
python3 dump_keys.py --cdm-version '16.1.0'
```

> You can pass the `.so`-module name using the `--function-name` argument. By default it looking in `libwvhidl.so` and `libwvaidl.so` files. It can have multiple values. Its name can change depending on the version and SoC including but not limited to: `libwvaidl.so`, `libwvhidl.so`, `libwvdrmengine.so`, `libwvm.so`, `libdrmwvmplugin.so`[source](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09298). You can find your name in the /vendor/lib64/ or /vendor/lib/ directories using ADB shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass the `.so` module name using the `--module-name` argument. By default it looks in the `libwvhidl.so` and `libwvaidl.so` files. Its name can change depending on the version and SoC including but not limited to: `libwvaidl.so`, `libwvhidl.so`, `libwvdrmengine.so`, `libwvm.so`, `libdrmwvmplugin.so`[source](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.09298). You can find your module name in the /vendor/lib64/ or /vendor/lib/ directories using an ADB shell.
```

```
python3 dump_keys.py --module-name 'libwvhidl.so' --module-name 'libwvaidl.so'
```

## Options:
```
    -h, --help                      Print this help text and exit.
    --cdm-version                   The CDM version of the device e.g. '16.1.0'.
    --function-name                 The name of the function to hook to retrieve the private key.

>     --module-name                   The names of the widevine `.so` modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    --module-name                   The name of the widevine `.so` module.
```

```

## Scenario:

> 1. You've got function names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You've got the function name
```

> 2. You've got private key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You've got the private key
```

3. Client ID extracted
4. Script closed

> After scipt closed you will have next files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following files will be created after a successful dump:
```
